Throughout my whole academic life at Campinas State University (Unicamp) I had the opportunity to witness an heterogenous environment with people from very different etnical and income background. By coming from one of the most unequal countries on the world, this kind of environment was a refreshing and hopeful place that motivated me on trying to expand it and make this reality the status quo of brazilian society. Therefore, during my academic period I looked for ways to use my education on the field of engineering to make an impact on the social issue that is unequality. 


During my academic life I had the opportunity to work with people that empowered me to use what I learned at university to tackle social issues on Brazil:
I managed a Robotics Study Group that researched autonomous robotics and also worked on social projects that taught basic robotics to low income children. I also participated in a mobile computing course, where my team made an app to help high school students decide which university course to take. I volunteer at an NGO where I use my knowledge of computing in the IT department and lastly by the end of my academic time, I worked on a project that researched many engineering programs across the world to find a way to update my own course.

====================

Ever since I started my academic life at Campinas State University (Unicamp) I had the opportunity to witness an environment that is unlike any other in my country. Brazil is famous for being one of the most unequal and segregated country in the world, and being able to be part of an heterogeneous community with people from many different social backgrounds was a defining factor on discovering what I wanted to do with the tools given to me by my education.

I started studying my Control and Automation degree in 2012, I had just finished high school and I must confess I wasn't really sure I had made the right decision of choosing that particular course. However, when I arrived at the university I was astounted by all the opportunities the academic environment had to offer. My department specifically is famous at my university for offering the most diverse options of extracurricular activies. I seized that oportunity by participatting on many activies that not only were complementary to my formation but also guided me on deciding the path I wanted to take on my academic and post-academic life.

During my time at the university I participated on the faculty Junior Enterprise. There I had contact with a entrepreneurial mindset that enabled me to see how the topics I covered on my courses could be used to create value and bring inovation to both industry and society. However, I wanted to have a more hands-on aproach to engineering, therefore I joined the Robotics Study Group. This group, at the time I entered, was a small team focused on developing authonomous robots to participate on competition while also sharing researched knowledge between it's members. There I managed to develop my skills on programming and developing embedded systems. I feel in love with the group and wanted to make it grow, thus on my third year on the group I took the role of General Coordinator. By leading the group, me and my fantastic team managed to expand the it's activities, by creating new projects such as developing small courses that be given (and I had the pleasure to ministrate a few of them) to the academic community and also on social projects that had the mission of bringing robotics to low income schools and encouraging the students there to go after a higher education.

While working on those extra-curricular activies I also wanted to have experiences more aligned with formal academic research, therefore at my sophomore year I started a scientific initiation at CTI Renato Archer, a research center on the surroundings of my university. There I developed a small research on 3D printing, where I compared and studied different printing tecnologies. There I saw many projects on the medical field, focusing on the printing of prostetics. I saw with my own eyes the wonder of tecnology being used to save lives and help people in need.

I also didn't limit my classes to the ones I had the university. At 2015 I attended a one year long course developed by Apple, the Apple Developer's Program @ Instituto Eldorado (another neary research center)

